#labels Featured
== Alternative shops ==

There are lots of great alternative shops. My current favourite is [http://www.gog.com/ gog.com]. They sell [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_rights_management#.22DRM-Free.22 DRM-free] PC classics for low prices ($6 and $10) with no regional discrimination. They have a huge catalogue of good old games from every genre and publish at least two more every week.

[http://www.gog.com/ http://i219.photobucket.com/albums/cc285/jmoviedb/wht_468x60.jpg]

Steamunpowered has [http://www.steamunpowered.eu/page.php?al=altshops a list of alternative shops] that don't use regional restrictions.


== Indie games ==
A great exaple is indie publisher [http://www.playgreenhouse.com/ greenhouse]. They are the publishers of [http://www.penny-arcade.com/ Penny Arcade's] episodic adventure game series [http://rainslick.com/ "On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness"]. They publish several other indie titles as well, some in competition with Steam. They have their own achievements system called "Triumphs and standings" if you're into that sort of thing. They unfortunately use DRM but they aren't dicks about it, you can install as many times as you want "within reason". They use the same prices no matter where you live.

If you're generally into indie games you may want to look into some of these great titles, which I can personally recommend:
 * *On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness* - mentioned above. Available on [http://store.steampowered.com/app/18000/ Steam], [http://www.playgreenhouse.com/game/HOTHG-000001-01/ greenhouse] (Cheaper on greenhouse if you're European) plus Xbox 360 and PS3.
 * *World of Goo* - available on [http://store.steampowered.com/app/22000/ Steam], [http://www.playgreenhouse.com/game/TDBOY-000001-01/ greenhouse] and [http://2dboy.com/games.php the developer's own site]. For European customers it is cheaper from the two latter sources, if you buy directly from the developer you get it DRM-free. This game is also available on the Wii.
 * *The Maw* - available on [http://store.steampowered.com/app/26000/ Steam] and [http://www.playgreenhouse.com/game/TWSPX-000001-01/ greenhouse]. Again, cheaper from greenhouse if you live in Europe. This game is also available on Xbox 360.
 * *Crayon Physics Deluxe* - available DRM-free from [http://www.crayonphysics.com/ the developer's own site], and also available for iPhone.
There are of course lots of other great titles that I haven't had the chance to try. Seek, and ye shall find.

Indie developers like these are of course not backed by huge corporations like EA Games, so don't be an asshole and pirate their games. They are usually very cheap and often DRM-free, so there is no reason to pirate them in any case.